Add log types section to Security Analytics (#6235)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/log-types-reference/apache-access.md

---
layout: default

> title: Apache Access

Author: Apache Access is the name of the service, so we'll keep that as is.

parent: Supported log types
nav_order: 25
---

# Apache Access

> The `apache_access` log type records data for all requests processed by an Apache HTTP server. It contains no `raw_field` or `ecs` mappings.

Author: ```suggestion
The `apache_access` log type records data for all requests processed by Apache HTTP servers. It contains no `raw_field` or `ecs` mappings.
```
